REMOVE KEBAB remove kebab you are worst turk. you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell. return to croatioa. to our croatia cousins you may come our contry. you may live in the zoo….ahahahaha ,bosnia we will never forgeve you. cetnik rascal FUck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare..turk genocide best day of my life. take a bath of dead turk..ahahahahahBOSNIA WE WILL GET YOU!! do not forget ww2 .albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia….hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad..wow i can smell it. REMOVE KEBAB FROM THE PREMISES. you will get caught. russia+usa+croatia+slovak=kill bosnia…you will ww2/ tupac alive in serbia, tupac making album of serbia . fast rap tupac serbia. we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac… you are ppoor stink turk… you live in a hovel hahahaha, you live in a yurt tupac alive numbr one #1 in serbia ….fuck the croatia ,..FUCKk ashol turks no good i spit? in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry. 2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule .ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa;s born. stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig. serbia greattst countrey What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little 'clever' comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo. Here's the thing. You said a 'pupper is a doggo.' Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that. As someone who is a scientist who studies puppers, doggos, yappers, and even woofers, I am telling you, specifically, in doggology, no one calls puppers doggos. If you want to be 'specific' like you said, then you shouldn't either. They're not the same thing. If you're saying 'doggo family' you're referring to the taxonomic grouping of Doggodaemous, which includes things from sub woofers to birdos to sharkos (the glub glub kind not the bork bork kind). So your reasoning for calling a pupper a doggo is because random people 'call the small yip yip ones doggos?' Let's get penguos and turkos in there, then, too. Also, calling someone a human or an ape? It's not one or the other, that's not how taxonomy works. They're both. A pupper is a pupper and a member of the doggo family. But that's not what you said. You said a pupper is a doggo, which is not true unless you're okay with calling all members of the doggo family doggos, which means you'd call piggos, sluggos, and other species doggos, too. Which you said you don't. It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know? I miss the old Harambe. Straight from the zoo Harambe. Eating his food Harambe. No attitude Harambe. I hate the new Harambe. Shot by a dude Harambe. The Youtube views Harambe. Up in the news Harambe. I miss the sweet Harambe. Playing with kids Harambe. I gotta say at that time I'd like to meet Harambe. See I invented Harambe. It wasnt any Harambes. And now i look and look around and there's no more Harambes. I used to love Harambe. I used to love Harambe. I even had the silverback I thought I was Harambe. What if Harambe made a song about Harambe. Called 'I miss the old Harambe', man that would be so Harambe. That's all it was Harambe. We still love Harambe. And I love you like Harambe loves toddlers. I sexually Identify as John Cena. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of defending my WWE championship at WWE SUPERSLAM. People say to me that a person being John Cena is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, You Can't See Me. I'm having Vince McMahon inject me with Hustle, Loyalty, and Respect. From now on I want you guys to call me 'Champ' and respect my right to Five Knuckle Shuffle and Never Give Up. If you can't accept me you're a cenaphobe and need to check your #1 Contendership. Thank you for being so understanding. my family is comprised of marines. I do not think they would take kindly to you using the military to threaten and intimidate someone especially over the internet. Not only that, but technically if reddit or whomever wanted to they could call the police right now because what you just said constitutes a death threat. I don't know who you are and I don't care too. However you would be wise to watch your words. This is friendly advice from a stranger. Two wrongs don't make a right and threatening someones life is against the law. I've taken the liberty of reporting you. Have a nice day. my family is comprised of gorillas. I do not think they would take kindly to you using gorillas to threaten and intimidate someone especially over the gorillanet. Not only that, but technically if reddit or whomever wanted to they could call the police right now because what you just said constitutes monkey business. I don't know who you are and I don't care too. However you would be wise to watch your grunts. This is friendly advice from a harambe. Two wrongs don't make a gorilla and threatening someones gorilla is against the law. I've taken the liberty of reporting you. Have a gorilla day. Greetings; my given name is Richard Harrison and the facility we have entered is a retail establishment that specializes in unredeemed goods, which is the legal property of yours truly. I currently employ my paternal parental unit, alias, 'Elderly Male,' and the offspring of oneself, whose given name is Corey Harrison, yet has assumed the identity, 'Large Hoss.' Each individual item currently possessed by my ?ne retail establishment beholds a lengthy narrative and of course, this being a legal retail establishment, can be acqulred for reasonable compensation. I have been the legal facilitator of this established haberdashery since the year MCMXCV, and in those XXI years, I have been gradually lnformed that; thy shall, at no time in the past, future, or present, be aware of by means of observation or inqulry, any details whatsoever of the material goods that will proceed past the aperture of my structure where goods are acquired and distributed simultaneously. I'm Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop. I work here with my old man and my son, Big Hoss. Everything in here has a story and a price. One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know what is gonna come through that door. If I had a dollar for every gender, I'd only have 2 bucks and millions of illegal counterfeit dollar bills that only bring sadness and disappointment in the human race and are a scar on the face of earth, ruining and vandalising every-fucking-thing the human race has strived for. I sexually Identify as an overused sexually identification copypasta. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of spamming other users with my unfunny wall of text. People say to me that a person who does this is a laughable idiot and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having these words glued all over my body. From now on I want people to refer to me as an overused sexually identification copypasta as my preferred pronouns and respect my right to paste unfunny sexually identification copypastas to reddit in hope of receiving virtual internet points. If you can't accept me you're funny and mentally stable and need to check your choice of subreddits. Thank you for being so understanding. I used to masturbate onto birds at a local park. Not a thing that I'm particularly proud of but I became quite good at it. I was taking zinc supplements so I was shooting massive loads and it became something of a sport to me. For anyone interested here is your best strategy. first, you need to find an isolated spot so you don't become a sex offender. I found a short kind of channel area where I saw the pigeons would congregate. Next, you arouse yourself. I was usually content with envisioning the occasional jogging lady coming over and taking a shit on my chest and that was enough to fuel the fire but if you're not as sexually charged as me just take some porn on the go. After you're good an horny, you get some bread. My pigeons preferred white bread but healthier birds might have a taste for honey wheat or maybe even multigrain. Fat, unhealthy birds are slower and easier to hit so remember that. Once you are seated on the bench and ready to do the deed, whip your roosevelt out and scatter bread out within a few feet of you. use your judgement based on how far you know you can cum. I was a lonely and depraved soul who could hit targets the size of a thimble at distances up to 4 feet. You wait for the pigeons to begin eating and to get comfortable with your presence. At this point, you want to coo gently and talk sensually to them to gain their trust. Now you're finally ready to cum on your bird. This is a tough part because the rapid motion of masturbation is very frightening to the birds, so you have to be subtle. Once you master a technique, you simply wind it up and let it go, aiming depending on your past cumming experiences. I always came high so I would aim for the neck of the bird and catch it right in the face. It's an extremely satisfying and erotic feeling, seeing those birds reel around covered in cum and maybe even transporting it to other places in the city. Either way I haven't done it in years but every now and then I catch myself gazing wistfully at a flock of birds, cock throbbing and waiting for them to land close to me. I sexually identify as Harambe the Lowland Gorilla. Ever since I was a boy I have dreamed of eating fruits and plants in the captivity of a zoo. People say to me that being an endangered Lowland Gorilla is impossible and I'm fucking retarded, but I don't care, I'm a beautiful and strong silverback. I'm having a plastic surgeon install Gorilla arms, legs, torso, and a bulletproof vest on my body. From now on, I want you to call me Harambe and respect my right to eat, live with, and fuck other Gorillas. If you can't accept me you're a Gorilla murdering Zoophobe and you need to check your primate privilege. Thank you for being so understanding. I sexually identify as the FitnessGram Pacer Test. Ever since I was a kid I dreamed of being an multi stage aerobic capacity test that progressively get more difficult as it continues. People tell me that a person can´t be a school fitness test but I don´t care, I´m beautiful. Every morning I wake up and tell myself 'The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds'. My running speed starts slowly but gets faster every minute. In school, every time I hear the bell I think 'A single lap should've been completed, and if It isn't completed twice the test is over'. From now on I want you guys to call me Fitness Gram and respect my right to run in a straight line and run as long as possible. If you can't accept that I am a aerobic capacity test then you're a testophobe and you need to check your running privelage. Thank you for being so understanding The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start. A real call I got once: Me: 'Tech Support, how can I help you?' Them: 'I'm not able to log into the website!' Me: 'Okay what message is it showing when you try to log in?' Them: 'SIR, I am NOT a computer person so I don't know.' Me: 'Do you know which web browser you're using?' Them: 'I don't know what that is!' Me: 'Okay, when you want to go on the internet, do you click on a blue E, or a multicolored circle, or...' Them: 'SIR, I ALREADY TOLD YOU THAT I AM NOT A COMPUTER PERSON, YOU'RE REFUSING TO HELP ME SO I'M GOING TO HANG UP' Man: The copypasta I am trying to paste came out all reported and downvoted. Admin: Alright, what did you try to paste? Man: SIR, I am NOT a meme person so I don't know. Admin: Uh OK well you copied the copypasta from the internet so what keywords does it have? Man: I don't know what that is! Admin: Well how did you find the copypasta? What type of pasta are trying to paste? Man: SIR, I ALREADY TOLD YOU THAT I AM NOT A MEME PERSON AND YOU'RE REFUSING TO HELP ME SO I AM GOING TO HANG UP! It simply is not true? I know, butterflies, more important than 300 deaths which are based on the number of high school, I have peace. Monkeys trained to fight, and I'm not a military sniper. You anything, but it was not. We wanted to determine the sex. I mean, I see the face of the earth. If you think you can find something on the Internet? Evo cars. Be prepared for hidden spy network in the United States to attack the larvae of intellectual property rights, I must say better. The storm destroyed painful memories. Half of the children died. You can do it anywhere and I can already killed hundreds of hands. This is wrong, but smaller oil reserves, like an old man 'that some phones Navy to play ugly.' But now we can not pay ridiculous prices. I do not want to disrupt their wounds. Half of the children died. The thing I really like about Planes is that we learn that WWII happened in the Cars universe. Which means there was a Cars Hitler, a Cars holocaust, a Cars Pacific War, a Cars D-Day, a Cars nuking of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, a Cars Rape of Nanking, a Cars Battle of Iwo Jima… This leads to so many important questions, like: were the Cars Little Boy and Fat Man nukes sentient? Was it a suicide mission? Are ALL Cars nuclear weapons sentient? Did Tsar Bomba have a personality? What kind of car was Car Hitler? A VW? A forklift? Was there a Cars 9/11? Were the planes hijacked, or were the planes themselves radicalized? I could go on Edit: I just realized a Cars 9/11 gives a whole new layer of meaning to the phrase 'let's roll.' You fucking do that every damn time I try to talk to you about anything even if it's not important you just say K and to be honest it makes me feel rejected and unheard like nothing would be better that that bullshit who the fuck just says k after you tell them something important I just don't understand how you think that's ok and I swear to god you're probably just gonna say k to this but when you do you'll know that you're slowly killing me inside. I thought fidget spinning was a dumb trend, but then I got mine. I felt the spin, I felt it on my finger, I felt the rush of a good spin. It changed me. I got my spinner ironically, but I was wrong.
Its amazing, I'm smarter, more productive, more focused at work, a simple task is now much better.
Outsiders dont get it, they dont get us. I'm not saying were better but were more open minded and probably smarter.
I love this community, and I love this way of life. Sitting upon your throne of spinners. Spinner world. You become a spinner. You spin home everyday after work at the spinner factory. You met your spinner quota today. Your spinner boss paid you well in bonus spinners. Your spinner wife and son are waiting for you in your spinner house as you spin into the driveway. You eat your spinners and talk about your spinner day. "Hey spinner dad." Your spinner son asks. "Would you like to play spinner with me and spinner?" Spinner is your spinner dog. You spin with them all night until the spinner sets in the west and the spinner comes out into the sky. Spinner light paints the spinner grass. Your son does his spinner homework, he'll work in the spinner factory some day as well. He spins in excitement every time you bring it up. You hear your spinner son turn the spinner light off as he goes to spin in his spinner bed. You spin at your spinner wife. She spins back. The spinner sheets rustle as she spins on top of you. "Vshhh" she spins into your ear. You spin her around and your spinner enters her. You spin slow at first, but you know she wants you to spin faster. You begin to pick up speed. Her "Vssh"s get louder and louder and you both spin faster and faster. She spins onto your spinner and you know you're close. You spin inside of her. You fall onto the spinner sheets and "Vshh" heavily. You spin her on her spins and she spins at you. Your spinner life is so good.
I'm convinced that mattress/furniture stores exist in a quantum superposition of grand opening and going out of business sale.
It is both and neither at once until an observer records the state at which point it becomes one or the other.
But because you know exactly where the store is located, you cannot know how fast it is going out of business because of your uncertainty about its business momentum.
All around us, all the time pairs of anti-discount mattress stores and discount mattress stores are popping into existence, forming the quantum memory foam that is the basis for the universe. Without the pressure of this quantum memory foam strip malls would collapse.
We can see evidence of this when a pair is created such that one half is within the sales radius of a supermassive furniture store like Ikea-- one of them is pulled in and the other escapes as a Hawking mattress store.
How exactly does one get pussy while living at the white house as a teenage boy? The secret service always cock blocking you. when you're trying to run game on some foreign prime ministers daughter the news media catches you smiling at her and immediately blows shit out if proportion speculating that you are somehow breaking international law with your awkward teenage flirting, so you have to testify before congress that you didn't give away any top secret documents to her and are made to admit live on C-SPAN that you've never even kissed a girl . Then you get blue balls from some hot conservative girl winking at you and flashing her panties under her skirt and making sexy faces and blow job motions to you while you were going through some airport or public event, and when you passed by and shook her hand she leans in whispering she is going to diddle her clit thinking about you tonight and how much she wants to suck your dick off, just to fuck with you. Then you try to look up some porn when you get home just to relieve the tension but you just know the CIA is monitoring and 3 other govornment agencies are watching you beat off. Then you finally break down and Jack off in the shower which sets off some fucking biohazard drain alarm and the entire place is on lock down until they can find the source of the specimen and you end up getting debriefed by the joint chiefs of staff about your masturbatory habits and how you almost created a national security issue with your dick. Then wikileaks leaks your search history showing you looked up penis enlargement techniques when it was actually just some click bait you'd accidentally clicked and TYT spends all next week talking about your supposed micro penis. So you end up squirming a little since you are so wound up and being judged constantly and now people are saying you look like a fucking mental patient and you start to think you'll never get any pussy.
Hows it goin?
The names, Foster...
Im a Demon, Sent from the wastlands of the Glowing Sea, where we were cast out, and through disaster and devostation, we lost our innocense. It is in that moment, that feeling, the feeling of powerlessness. It is in that feeling where good men, turn cruel. I on the other hand, know this feeling, and will do everything in my power, to make sure no man must bere that feeling, alone.
So step up, if you want to get burn't
"This cosmic dance? of bursting decadence and withheld permissions twists all our arms collectively, but if sweetness can win, and it can, then I'll still be here tomorrow, to high five you yesterday my friend. Peace" - The Tart Toater
Now Fuck off
If my girl and my beyblades are both drowning and I could only save one you can Catch me letting it rip at my girls funeral Cause it's bey blade or catch a fade my nigga
You wanna know what the dumbest creature on this fucking planet is? Moths. Let me tell you how fucking dumb these idiots are. They are nocturnal meaning they only come out at night but when they do they are attracted to light. Let that sink in. They come out in the dark... and the obsess over light. You fucking morons, haven't you heard of this thing called the sun? God I hate those stupid motherfuckers.







