For decades, African countries have been scrutinized by foreign governments for their human rights violations, corrupt government officials, poor living conditions, wealth and social inequalities, and flawed infrastructure, yet westerns choose not to recognize these issues to be under their responsibility. Colonialism is defined as the act of establishing one’s government’s influence in a foreign land to gain control, and the British were an effective force in regards to their installation of power. Their strategy was to place native, loyal officials into local governments who would act as puppets by implementing policies into Kenyan society, and would provide the British with information. The British colonialists primarily used Kenya to extract raw materials and resources, and disregarded many aspects of Kenyan society and culture, which created large, negative repercussions. One leader who took advantage of this situation was the British educated Jomo Kenyatta, who was once a member of the puppeted Kenyan government. He advocated for change in Kenya while in England, and after the war became the president of the Kenya African Union, which demanded that colonist controlled land be returned to Africans. Another organization, known as the Mau Mau, had similar desires to the KAU, but demanded that the British colonial system be dismantled entirely. The British responded with the arrest of Jomo Kenyatta, whom they had assumed was the leader of the anti-colonist group. After this, a violent conflict erupted between Kenyan and British forces, which lasted for four years. Once the conflict had ended, the British decided that they no longer received a benefit from occupying Kenya, and allowed Africans to gain a majority control on the legislative council. In 1961, Jomo Kenyatta’s political party won, and became the president of the newly formed country. The Nation of Kenya has been impacted by British colonial occupation in regards to economic development, political stability, and social unity due to the ignorance of European leaders, both in their decisions during the Berlin Conference and in their eurocentric mentalities, their desire to establish regions that do not house high quality institutions, the act of placing rival ethnic groups within a single border, and the dismissal of cultures and traditions native to Kenya. 

British occupation negatively affected the Nation of Kenya in terms of its economic sustainability because of its lack of well positioned infrastructure, absence of political or economic institutions that would have allowed the local population to be effectively taxed, and the scarcity of functioning production facilities or manufacturing industries within the country. Infrastructure is paramount when establishing a powerful and viable economy, especially when goods and services must be transported large distances. Well constructed roads, bridges, and railway lines allow the government and private companies to move resources, workers, and information between cities or factories, which are necessary components to create industries and increase production. Without extensive railway systems across a country, economic growth can only be concentrated in areas with access to railways or high quality roads, which limits the overall ability of a country to generate wealth (Document 11, pg. 543). Sheldon Gella writes in The Colonial Era “Despite the unpopularity of colonial rule, most Africans wound up accepting the authority of the colonial state… many westernized Africans saw colonialism in Africa as a progressive and ‘civilizing’ force… while providing opportunities for Africans with modern skills to rise socially and economically”, meaning Africans accepted European economic policies and ideas that were not sustainable in their colonies, which would eventually lead to a variety of financial conflicts (Document 4, pg. 535). Education played, and continues to play, a major role in creating wealth for Kenya through creating knowledgeable, skilled, and capable citizens. While Kenya was under British rule, White and Asian students received far more educational funding from the government than Africans and Arabs, which left Kenyans at a disadvantage when understanding the concepts of politics or finance, making them unsuitable candidates to hold high ranking positions overseeing these subjects. Once the British had left the colony, Kenya was deprived of a knowledgeable population. This meant there was a lot of confusion surrounding the decisions being made by politicians, and left the country in a disorganized manner. Foreign educated individuals were generally placed into power because they understood the structures of certain concepts that were essential to create a thriving country, while domestically educated citizens had difficulty advocated for themselves (Document 10, pg. 541). The distribution of wealth in regards to agricultural and public service sectors also negatively impacted Kenya. Due to European and Asian citizens receiving the majority of the wealth produced by the country, Africans would be unable to pay taxes, attend prestigious schools, or receive basic necessities such as health services or well built housing. Due to the heavy taxes the British had established in Kenya, Kenyans were often in debt, which significantly impacted the spending habits of the status quo, leaving the country in a negative position. Once the foreign citizens emigrated, they took their wealth with them, and left the native citizens in a spiral of debt which curtailed their ability to improve the economy (Document 12, pg. 545). Due to fact that economics rely heavily on politics, the subject mustn’t be ignored.

Colonialism in Kenya negatively impacted the political landscape of the nation because the British had not established functional institutions during their occupation, had placed rival ethnic groups within the same border, creating political turmoil, and had isolated regions of Kenya through the use of strategically placed infrastructure, which misrepresented many opinions and desires. Throughout the British’s rule of Kenya, well constructed institutions were rare, primarily due to the foreign power’s desire to have complete control of the citizens of Kenya. Once the British left, the political and economic establishments were underfunded and non-functional, leaving the Kenyan’s without effective means of collecting taxes, communicating with either domestic or international allies, exporting resources, understanding conflicts, passing policies that would change the country, and more. The previous political system that had been installed by the British had not been dismantled because so many powerful Kenyans had been westernized, and did not want to resort to past traditions in regards to organizing the country (Document 4, pg. 535). The fact that the British placed ethnic groups that had past rivalries within a single territory meant that social and political conflict would arise. There were over 27 different ethnic groups that could be found in Kenya alone, and they did not have a single language or belief system to unify them, which led to communication issues between groups (Document 2, pg. 533). Yet, this was not the case once the colony had gained its independence. Once Jomo Kenyatta came into power, he had assembled his cabinet by using qualified individuals, regardless of ethnic background, to control aspects of the government. This is evident in the photograph containing Mr. Kenyatta and Mr. Mboya because their ethnic groups, the Kikuyu and Luo respectively, were not on the best of terms (Document 5, g. 537). Once again, education was imperative to the nation, and because of the history regarding the British and their emphasis on funding European and Asian education, while dismissing the importance of educating Africans, Kenyans were at a disadvantage. Many citizens were unable to advocate for themselves or others in a foreign political system that went against their traditions, and because many uneducated citizens were involved with the government, mistakes could easily be made. The government also had difficulty funding the education system because their economic institutions were unable to collect taxes that were required to pay the fees of construction and development (Document 10, pg. 541). All of these issues affected the society of Kenya, and it is important to discuss the issues faced by the general public.

The Kenyan society had been severely impacted by the many decisions being made, both within the British government, and the newly formed Kenyan government, because they did not emphasize, or had the ability to, properly fund educational services, health services, and infrastructure, the way Kenyan citizens were treated by the British, religion, and how the colonists changed the social norms and mentalities of the Kenya people. When the British had established their power and influence in Kenya, they would classify Kenyan citizens by forcing them to wear identification containers, called Kipande, which made the Kenyans feel as if they were second class citizens in their own land, which brewed anti-colonialist sentiment. The British had also engraved the mentality that women must not work important jobs or oversee high positions in any industry or occupation. This caused a large shift in the behavior of the ethnic groups in Kenya, and affected the way the male population treated women, which continues to this day (Document 6, pg. 539). The colonists spread their religions to Kenya, which impacted future generations by disconnecting them from past traditions and beliefs. During British rule, the religions of Protestantism, Roman Catholicism, Hinduism, and others were introduced to the population. While at first they did not cause much issue, over time they significantly changed the religious demographics of Kenya, with 64% of the population practicing a sect of Christianity, while only 26% of the population followed their indigenous beliefs. This erased a great deal of culture and social unity within Kenya, and could lead to future conflict (Document 8, pg. 539). The British justified this form of conversion with the mentality that the religions practiced by Kenyans were primitive and wrong, and that the native population needed the assistance of the word of God. Their perceptions of these religions being wrong came mainly from the many creation stories of various ethnic groups. While almost all groups believed in a supernatural force, there were significant differences between European and African beliefs. The Abaluyia tribe believed that God created man to comfort the sun. He then made the necessities of life for the man in order for him to survive. While there may be a few differences between the Christian and Abaluyia creation stories, the Europeans felt justified that they could eradicate entire belief systems (Document 7, pg. 539). Due to the British Eurocentric mentality that made them value the education of whites over Africans, Kenyans could not properly support ideas, establish businesses, or significantly contribute to Kenyan society, both during the British occupation and once the nation had received its independence (Document 10, pg. 541). 

The Nation of Kenya has been impacted by British colonial occupation in regards to economic development, political stability, and social unity due to the ignorance of European leaders, both in their decisions during the Berlin Conference and in their eurocentric mentalities, their desire to establish regions that do not house high quality institutions, the act of placing rival ethnic groups within a single border, and the dismissal of cultures and traditions native to Kenya. Colonialism in Africa has affected the world as it is today in many ways. It has unified foreign groups to organize relief efforts to assist Africans for the issues that were introduced by European powers, and has provided international economies with new markets. Although, there have been a variety of dangers created by the abandonment of African colonies, primarily in regards to terrorism and corruption. Due to the absence of powerful foreign governments in African nations, power vacuums have been created that allow terror organizations to scare and control large regions of the continent. Civil wars have been fought over the control of a few resources based on foreign demand, and does not benefit any local civilian parties. Corruption roams free in many African nations because institutions were not properly constructed, allowing many wrongs to be committed without punishment. According to an article published by the Business Daily, a wide gap between the wealthy and the poor has been reported by the UNDP (United Nations Development Programme). 60% of Kenyans live in poor conditions with no access to higher education and health services, and 23% are on the verge of absolute poverty. This will significantly impact the spending habits of the population, and could potentially lead to social unrest and conflict (Business Times, 2013). It is imperative that foreign governments gain a renewed focus toward the continent of Africa in order for any social, political, or economic progress to be made. As developing citizens, we must be properly educated in both international and domestic conflicts and history, which will allow us to properly advocate for intervention, support, and development. Progress begins at the individual level, and as a collective student body, we must accept this reality, and pursue it.   

Janet Schnyder is guilty of voluntary manslaughter due to the evidence found in the case of Janet Schnyder v. The People. Ms. Schnyder has had an intimate, yet troubled, relationship with Mr. Harrison for over a year and a half. The two have decided to live together in Janet’s condominium, and have often expressed their desire of engagement, yet arguments and fights have halted such conversation. On the evening of July 24, 2014, the couple threw a party in their shared condominium. Alcoholic beverages were served at this event, and both Janet and Albert were heavily intoxicated, with Janet having a Blood Alcohol Content (BAC) level of .16, which is twice the legal amount. Mr. Harrison then accused Janet of having an affair with a colleague, and took the argument to their bedroom. As the confrontation grew more heated, Mr. Harrison assaults Janet, punching her in the face. Janet then unlocked a drawer containing a legally purchased firearm, and aims the weapon at the ceiling. Mr. Harrison then grabs the weapon, pushing Janet away, resulting in the discharge of the firearm. Mr. Harrison was found dead as the authorities arrived on the scene of the conflict. Janet Schnyder shall be proven guilty of voluntary manslaughter and aggravated assault because of her inability to prove innocence due to voluntary intoxication, her failure to state that she felt fear for her life to prove that her actions were in self-defense, and that she had the ability to unlock a secured drawer that contained a weapon and armed it, while under the influence of alcohol, which demonstrates that she had the intent to inflict harm. 
Janet Schnyder is guilty of voluntary manslaughter due to her impaired judgement being caused by voluntary intoxication, and that she had the ability to properly arm the weapon and place her finger at the trigger. Police officers and forensic experts provided photographs of the crime as evidence for the case. These photographs included images of the weapon, the bedroom where the confrontation took place, and the aftermath of the conflict. Other factual evidence included reports from law enforcement, as well as medical and forensic personnel. During the argument, Mr. Harrison assaulted Janet, which pushed her to the ground. In response to the assault, Janet selected the correct key with the proper fit, unlocked the corresponding drawer, which contained her firearm, and armed the weapon, placing her finger on the trigger. Within the sequence of these events, Janet’s actions show that she had the intent to harm Mr. Harrison. This is because any lawful and responsible owner of a firearm would never place their finger on the trigger without the intent to discharge the weapon. The firearm seen in the photograph has been identified as a Beretta M9 9mm pistol. This weapon includes a variety of safety mechanisms in order to prevent accidental discharge, such as a firing pin block, and a firing mode, known as the safety, to restrict the firing of the weapon. Janet would have had to deliberately disable these safeties while understanding their purpose, therefore proving that she intended to harm, perhaps kill, Mr. Harrison. 
The evidence also suggests that Janet cannot use intoxication to prove her innocence due to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court stating in Article 31(1)(b) “unless the person has become voluntarily intoxicated under such circumstances that the person knew, or disregarded the risk, that, as a result of the intoxication, he or she was likely to engage in conduct constituting a crime within the jurisdiction of the Court”. The disablement and arming of a firearm demonstrates a guilty state of mind, known as the Mens Rea, and a voluntary action which led to damages. These elements determine if a crime has taken place, which in this case, it did. The Illinois State Law related to self-defense states in the 720 ILCS Criminal Code of 2012 “A person is justified in the use of force against another when and to the extent that he reasonably believes that such conduct is necessary to defend himself or another against such other's imminent use of unlawful force. However, he is justified in the use of force which is intended or likely to cause death or great bodily harm only if he reasonably believes that such force is necessary to prevent imminent death or great bodily harm to himself or another, or the commission of a forcible felony.” Janet testified in court saying that she often had abusive arguments with Albert, making this particular conflict familiar to her. She also testified that she was afraid of “being knocked out from Alberts blows”, but did not state that she feared for her life. This testification proves that her actions were unlawful, violent, and resemble deadly force. Regarding aggravated assault, she is to be found guilty for purposefully causing serious bodily harm to Mr. Harrison during the conflict. The discharge of her firearm was not in self-defense, as proven previously, and was unreasonable because she did not fear for her life. 
In conclusion, many factual pieces of evidence were discovered by the prosecution and defense, yet neither side utilized such trustworthy evidence while the trial was in session. What is factual in this case was that Janet was voluntarily intoxicated while engaged in a physical conflict with Mr. Harrison, and she fired her legally purchased weapon, killing Albert. She had the intention to kill, and could not plead innocence with self-defence. Her testification, alongside the state laws and known background of the 9mm pistol determine that she is guilty with voluntary manslaughter and aggravated assault. 

World War One is often depicted as a political and militaristic catastrophe, with traditional strategies of deployment and combat being used to counter more modern methods of warfare, a lack of understanding as to how effective new technologies could assist forces on both the ground and in the sea, and massive casualties resulting in both the Allied and Central forces. The First World War began on the 28th of July, 1914, with conflicts quickly erupting in the Balkans, the Rhine, and the Slavic states. The Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand had been assassinated in the Bosnian capital of Sarajevo by a Serbian organization that was dissapointed with the absence of Austrian support in their country. Due to strong diplomatic ties having been established between Germany and Austria, Kaiser Wilhelm the Second, the German Emperor, sent thousands of troops to invade Serbia and eliminate the organization that caused such turmoil between Serbia and the Austrians. In response, the Russian military mobilized hundreds of thousands of men to act as a deterrent force, which further escalated the conflict, and resulted in the German’s invasion of France. The Schlieffen Plan, developed by Alfred von Schlieffen and later edited by Helmuth von Moltke, was the German strategy to attack the French and Russian militaries by prioritizing German efforts toward the fortified border of France in the first few weeks of the war. Once Paris were to be captured, Germany’s military would use the extensive railways of western europe to quickly mobilize against the Russians. A tangible and applicable definition of Peace, as stated by the Oxford Dictionary, is freedom from civil disobedience, but within this case study, chaos and violence are all that can be witnessed. The technology of rail lines greatly impacted the efficiency and coordination of the attacks that had been devised within the Schlieffen Plan due to the German military’s ability to communicate between various brigades, granting the Imperial forces to better organize themselves against their opponents, allowing them to gain an advantage, and established an effective means of transporting information, weapons and ammunition, and soldiers, which has negatively influenced the theatre of war ever since, leading to further disruption and violence. 

The railways that were developed by the Germans were a key factor in successfully invading France through the use of the Schlieffen Plan due to its ability to transport soldiers, material, ammunition, and information quickly, and often without fault, providing German troops the ability to attack and encircle the French whilst still being adequately supplied. Developed by Richard Trevithick, railway systems had been widely used throughout Western Europe in the late 1800s, and were quite popular due to the various advantages the rail system gave to countries. Railways offered a “means of national defense through the concentration, distribution, and direction of the army, a means to the improvement of the culture of the nation by bringing talent, knowledge, and skill of every kind readily to market, It secures the community against dearth and famine, and against excessive fluctuation in the prices of the necessaries of life, It promotes the spirit of the nation, as it has a tendency to destroy the Philistine spirit arising from isolation and provincial prejudice and vanity. It binds nations by ligaments, and promotes an interchange of food and of commodities, thus making it feel to be a unit. The iron rails become a nerve system, which, on the one hand, strengthens public opinion, and, on the other hand, strengthens the power of the state for police and governmental purposes” (John J. Lalor, Economic Library). While both the Germans and the French had a series of rail connections between each other, the Schlieffen Plan determined that these lines were unusable due to their geographic location being too close to the large fortifications on the German-Franco border. Therefore, the Germans were given the task of seizing large rail depots and hubs in the neutral countries of Luxembourg and Belgium (Joe Shute, The Sunday Telegraph). On the 2nd of August, the Germans annexed Luxembourg, quickly taking control of the railway stations that would later be used to ferry hundreds of thousands of men to the front lines. During the German’s invasion of Belgium, however, the Imperial military faced a dire problem; the Belgian government had sabotaged their own railway systems, preventing both sides from mobilizing their troops in a timely manner, stalling the German forces from fulfilling the Schlieffen Plan (Anna Gordon, BBC). A necessary technology that allowed the Germans to communicate with one another during such chaos was the telegraph, and would later be used extensively throughout the war.

While it is not given much recognition or celebration, the telegraph system was of paramount importance when directing and commanding soldiers due to its ability to relay relevant information to artillery gunman, commanders, and officers, resulting in series of victories for either side that utilized the technology. It was mandatory for telegraphs were to be found in a rail control station in order for engineers or railmen to determine when a train were to arrive at a station, and during the mechanized invasion of Belgium, the Germans took advantage of this engineering standard by controlling the stations that housed the proper infrastructure to relay detailed messages to the command headquarters. (Roger Parkinson, The Origins of World War I). 
Without the proper resources or tools required to communicate between armies, there would be a lack of understanding as to how a brigade would organize itself against the enemy, nor would an army be able to coordinate a successful attack without relevant intelligence from the central command. This is both beneficial and regressive because peacekeeping forces can ensure the coordination of their forces, allowing them to more successfully combat opponents, but is negative due to immoral leaders and their militaries committing more effective and efficient attacks, which causes more violence. 

	The political theory regarding the separation of powers, proposed and influenced by James Madison and Montesquieu, is a solution that prevents a faction based system of power within a political institution due to it removing the causes and effects related to factional control, which include the limiting of liberty, changing the political mindset of the population, and by replacing a pure democracy with a republic.

	The political ideas of limiting liberty within the government and changing the opinions and beliefs of the population have the ability to prevent factional control due to it imposing restrictions on the government and its ability to create and enforce policies, and by it removing a difference in opinion and beliefs within the general public. Within Federalist Paper No. 10, James Madison states “ Liberty is to faction what air is to fire, an aliment without which it instantly expires. But it could not be less folly to abolish liberty, which is essential to political life, because it nourishes faction” (FP No. 10, par. 5). In limiting the freedoms and rights of the government, factions will not be able to arise or take power because there will be restrictions in place that prevent groups of individuals from abusing the laws and rights of both the government and the population. The second idea in order to limit the causes of a factional government would be to alter the mindset of the public, which, while idealistic, would never be possible due to the human condition. Montesquieu furthered this idea by believing that individuals would always have a difference in opinion, and that they would respond to incentive, which would naturally create various factions. He also stated that anyone who has obtained power will abuse it to the greatest extent. In regards to the form of government that best removes the threat of factional power, a republic would be the only effective type. This is because public opinion will be placed upon popularly elected representatives who then further the desires of the population. These politicians would not be able to easily exploit their position due to the fear of not winning an additional term for the position, therefore preventing corruption, liberty, and a variety of other factors.
	Due to the separation of powers within government, as well as the adoption of a republic system and the limiting of institutional liberties, factions of individuals will not be able to gain influence or control over another system of power, therefore eliminating the risk of factional control.

On September 29th, 2015, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe presented a speech highlighting Japan’s humanitarian efforts, stating his country had provided $810 million in aid to refugees fleeing conflict. Days after this statement, Mr. Abe told journalists that Japan would not be open to the idea of accepting refugees. 

Despite living in a nation facing its own issues with immigration, it is difficult to comprehend as to why Japan denies refugees the right to become legal residents when the nation of Japan has pledged an incredible amount of logistical and financial support toward social issues, both currently and in the past, involving displaced populations. Prime Minister Abe’s decision to not grant refugees Japanese citizenship can be used as a springboard to discussing cultural differences and international relations between Japan, the United States, and the global community.

An understanding of Japanese society’s desire to remain homogenous and sustainable is paramount when discussing such a sensitive topic. If I were with a Japanese host family when this story developed, I would first begin by asking whether or not they believe that Article 2 of the Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Act, which provides legal definitions and procedures related to refugees seeking asylum, is beneficial for the nation of Japan. This document has been criticized for rejecting or detaining applicants without a reasonable legal cause, and is deemed to be too strict by many United Nations committees. I am uncertain as to which position my host family will take regarding this problem. Would they respond in a manner that does not support the granting of refugees citizenship on the grounds that migrants would lead to heightened levels of criminal activity and fewer jobs? Many Japanese citizens are fearful of the effects of accepting refugees, citing many disturbing events taking place in Germany and Sweden at the start of the new year. 

Due to the Japanese culture and demographics drastically differing to that of the United States’, I would then ask for their opinion on the dangers of losing a relatively homogenous society. Would my host family respond with a xenophobic mentality, fearing that an influx of migrants would collapse the carefully established social structures, ignore social norms, and act against the state? Or will they be more accepting, and understand that migrants have the ability to not only impact Japan’s economy, but its reputation abroad. Prime Minister Abe has stated on multiple occasions that his administration does not want to endanger the Japanese society with such a dramatic domestic change, and many of the country’s citizens agree, with over half of the population believing refugees will create more harm than good.

	The debate as to whether or not the Japanese government should accept refugees is extremely significant, both domestically and internationally, to a nation facing demographic, political, and social challenges. Having the opportunity to interact and speak with a Japanese host family would further my understanding of the political landscape of Japan, as well as the perspective of the Japanese people.

On September 29th, 2015, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe presented a speech highlighting Japan’s humanitarian efforts, stating his country had provided $810 million in aid to refugees fleeing conflict. Days after this statement, Mr. Abe told journalists that Japan would not be open to the idea of accepting refugees. 

Despite living in a nation facing its own issues with immigration, it is difficult to comprehend as to why Japan denies refugees the right to become legal residents when the nation of Japan has pledged an incredible amount of logistical and financial support toward social issues, both currently and in the past, involving displaced populations. Prime Minister Abe’s decision to not grant refugees Japanese citizenship can be used as a springboard to discussing cultural differences and international relations between Japan, the United States, and the global community.

An understanding of Japanese society’s desire to remain homogenous and sustainable is paramount when discussing such a sensitive topic. If I were with a Japanese host family when this story developed, I would first begin by asking whether or not they believe that Article 2 of the Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Act, which provides legal definitions and procedures related to refugees seeking asylum, is beneficial for the nation of Japan. This document has been criticized for rejecting or detaining applicants without a reasonable legal cause, and is deemed to be too strict by many United Nations committees. I am uncertain as to which position my host family will take regarding this problem. Would they respond in a manner that does not support the granting of refugees citizenship on the grounds that migrants would lead to heightened levels of criminal activity and fewer jobs? Many Japanese citizens are fearful of the effects of accepting refugees, citing many disturbing events taking place in Germany and Sweden at the start of the new year. 

Due to the Japanese culture and demographics drastically differing to that of the United States’, I would then ask for their opinion on the dangers of losing a relatively homogenous society. Would my host family respond with a xenophobic mentality, fearing that an influx of migrants would collapse the carefully established social structures, ignore social norms, and act against the state? Or will they be more accepting, and understand that migrants have the ability to not only impact Japan’s economy, but its reputation abroad. Prime Minister Abe has stated on multiple occasions that his administration does not want to endanger the Japanese society with such a dramatic domestic change, and many of the country’s citizens agree, with over half of the population believing refugees will create more harm than good.

	The debate as to whether or not the Japanese government should accept refugees is extremely significant, both domestically and internationally, to a nation facing demographic, political, and social challenges. Having the opportunity to interact and speak with a Japanese host family would further my understanding of the political landscape of Japan, as well as the perspective of the Japanese people.







