Is abortion the right option for me?

Having an unintended pregnancy is very common, and many people decide to have an abortion. Only you know what’s best for you, but good information and support can really help you make the decision that is best for your own health and well—being. 

Why do people decide to have an abortion?

If you’re thinking about having an abortion, you’re so not alone. Millions of people face unplanned pregnancies every year, and about 4 out of 10 of them decide to get an abortion. Some people with planned pregnancies also get abortions because of health or safety reasons. Overall, 3 in 10 women in the U.S. will have an abortion by the time they’re 45 years old.

Sometimes, the decision is simple. Other times, it’s complicated. But either way, the decision to have an abortion is personal, and you’re the only one who can make it.

Everyone has their own unique and valid reasons for having an abortion. Some of the many different reasons people decide to end a pregnancy include:

They want to be the best parent possible to the kids they already have.
They’re not ready to be a parent yet.
It’s not a good time in their life to have a baby.
They want to finish school, focus on work, or achieve other goals before having a baby.
They’re not in a relationship with someone they want to have a baby with.
They’re in an abusive relationship or were sexually assaulted.
The pregnancy is bad for their health.
They just don’t want to be a parent.
Deciding to have an abortion doesn’t mean you don’t want or love children. In fact, 6 out of 10 people who get abortions already have kids — and many of them decide to end their pregnancies so they can focus on the children they already have. And people who aren’t already parents when they get an abortion often go on to have a baby later, when they feel they are in a better position to be a good parent. The bottom line is, deciding if and when to have a baby is very personal, and only you know what’s best for you and your family.    

What can I think about to help me decide?

Family, relationships, school, work, life goals, health, safety, and personal beliefs — people think carefully about these things before having an abortion. But you’re the only person walking in your shoes, and the only person who can decide whether to have an abortion. The decision is 100% yours.  

Here are some things to consider if you are thinking about an abortion:

Am I ready to be a parent?
Would I consider adoption?
What would it mean for my future if I had a child now?
What would it mean for my family if I had a child now?
How would being a parent affect my career goals?
Do I have strong personal or religious beliefs about abortion?
Is anyone pressuring me to have or not have an abortion?
Would having a baby change my life in a way I do or don’t want?
Would having an abortion change my life in a way I do or don’t want?
What kind of support would I need and get if I decided to get an abortion?
What kind of support would I need and get if I decided to have a baby?
Decisions about your pregnancy are deeply personal. You hold the power to make decisions that are best for you in order to stay on your own path to a healthy and meaningful life. There’s lots of things to consider, and it’s totally normal to have many different feelings and thoughts when making this decision. That’s why it’s important to get factual, non—judgmental information about abortion. Support from family, friends, partners, and other people you trust can also be helpful. But at the end of the day, only you know what’s right for you.  

Who can I talk with about getting an abortion?

Lots of people lean on others to help them with their decision. It’s good to choose people who you know are understanding and supportive of you.

Your local Planned Parenthood health center has caring professionals that can give you expert care, accurate information about all your options, answer your questions, and non—judgmental support along the way — no matter what you decide about your pregnancy.

Other family planning centers and private doctors may also talk with you about your decision. But be careful when looking for a reliable health center, because there are fake clinics out there that claim to offer information about pregnancy options and abortion.  They’re called Crisis Pregnancy Centers, and they’re run by people who don’t believe in giving you honest facts about abortion, pregnancy, and birth control. Crisis pregnancy centers are often located very close to Planned Parenthood health centers or other real medical centers, and have similar names — they do this to confuse people and trick them into visiting them instead.

No one should pressure you into making any decision about your pregnancy, no matter what. So it’s important to get the info and support you need from people who give you the real facts and won’t judge you.

If you’re having a hard time finding someone in your life to talk with, check out Backline. Backline is a free hotline that gives you a confidential space to talk about making decisions about a pregnancy. They’ll give you judgment—free support at any point in your pregnancy experience, no matter what you decide to do or how you feel about it.    

When do I have to make a decision?

It’s important to take the time you need to make the best decision for you. It’s also a good idea to talk to a nurse or doctor as soon as you can so you can get the best medical care possible. The staff at your local Planned Parenthood health center is always here to provide expert medical care and support, no matter what decision you make.

Abortion is a very safe procedure. Here are the facts about your options, the different kinds of abortion, and what to expect.

What are the different kinds of abortion?

Medication abortion, also known as the “abortion pill,” is when you take medicines that you get from a trained doctor or nurse to end an early pregnancy. In—clinic abortion is done in a health center by a trained doctor or nurse. Both kinds of abortion are safe and effective.

First trimester abortion facts:

 

In—Clinic Abortion

Medication Abortion

How does it work?

A doctor, nurse, or other health care provider uses medical instruments and gentle suction to remove the pregnancy from your uterus.

You take pills that cause your pregnancy to end and your uterus to expel the pregnancy (like an early miscarriage).

How well does it work?

It almost always works – over 99% of the time.

8 weeks or less: 98% of the time

8—9 weeks: 96% of the time

9—10 weeks: 93% of the time

How long does the abortion take?

 

The abortion procedure usually takes about 10 minutes. But you’ll also need to meet with health center staff to talk about whether abortion is the right decision for you and what your abortion options are, have an exam and lab tests, and prepare for the procedure, read and sign forms, and stay in the recovery room after. The full visit usually takes a few hours to complete.

In some cases state law requires you to come to the health center on a separate visit before the abortion.

Abortions later in pregnancy may take longer and require more visits to the health center.

You take 1 pill at the health center, and the second pills 1—2 days later, usually at home. Most of the time the abortion is over within 24 hours after taking the second pills. Before you take any medication you’ll also need to meet with health center staff to talk about whether abortion is the right decision for you and what your abortion options are, have an exam and lab tests, and read and sign forms. The full visit usually takes a few hours to complete.  You will need to follow up to make sure the pills worked.

In some cases state law requires you to come to the health center on a separate visit before the abortion.

Advantages & Disadvantages

The procedure is quick — about 10 minutes.
You may have less bleeding and cramping afterwards than with a medication abortion.
You’ll have the abortion in the comfort of your own home, with whoever you want around for support.
It may feel more natural (similar to a miscarriage).
If you need an abortion and have passed your first trimester, you can learn about your in—clinic abortion options.

Is abortion safe?

Both in—clinic and medication abortions are very safe. In fact, abortion is one of the safest medical procedures out there. Overall, three 3 in 10 women in the U.S. will have an abortion by the time they’re 45 years old.

Planned Parenthood leads the country with the most up—to—date medical standards and guidelines for health care, including abortion. We regularly review new medical research and get updates from groups like the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the World Health Organization, and the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology.

Serious problems after an abortion are very rare.  But like any medicine or medical procedure, there are some risks. Learn more about the risks of in—clinic abortion and the risks of the abortion pill.

How will I feel after having an abortion?

You will get written after—care instructions and a phone number you can call if you have any questions or concerns. You may have to come back for a check up or lab work after your procedure.

Plan on resting after your abortion. You can usually go back to work, school and most other normal activities the next day. Avoid hard work or heavy exercise for a few days. Don’t put anything inside your vagina (like a tampon) or have sex for 1 week after your abortion.

Most people feel fine within a day or two, but it’s common for bleeding to last for a week (or several weeks after the abortion pill). Cramping can happen for a few days.

It’s totally normal to have a lot of different feelings after your abortion — and there’s no one “right” way to feel. Most people feel relieved and don’t regret their decision. For some, having an abortion is simple and straightforward. Others may feel sadness, guilt, or regretful after an abortion, just as they may after having a baby. Lots of people have all these feelings at different times.

Serious, long—term emotional problems after an abortion are rare. But everybody’s different, and certain things can make coping with an abortion hard. Most people feel better if they have someone supportive to talk to after an abortion. But even if you don’t think there’s anybody in your life you can talk with, you’re not alone. Your nurse or doctor can talk with you, or help you find a licensed counselor or a non—judgmental support group. You can also call Exhale or Backline, free after—abortion talklines. They will give you confidential and non—judgmental emotional support after your abortion — no matter how you’re feeling.

Will an abortion affect my health?

Abortion is safe. Unless there’s a rare and serious complication that’s not treated, there’s no risk to your ability to have children in the future or to your overall health. Having an abortion doesn’t increase your risk for breast cancer or affect your fertility. In fact, it’s possible to get pregnant quickly after you have an abortion, so it’s a good idea to talk to your nurse or doctor about a birth control plan for after your abortion.

There are many myths out there about the effects of abortion. Your nurse or doctor can give you accurate information about any concerns you have.

When White House press secretary Sean Spicer took the podium on Monday, it was with a demeanor that can only be described as grim determination. I'm not going to like this and neither are you, Spicer was saying to the assembled press corps, so let's just get through it.

You can understand why he'd feel that way. And why any — and every — member of President Trump's White House staff might feel that way.

Time and again over the last week — whether it's the firing of FBI Director Jim Comey or allegedly disclosing classified information to Russians, according to a Washington Post report confirmed by sources to CNN — Trump has acted and then forced his staff to react. In both of those instances, he appeared to catch his staff totally flat—footed — caught unawares that he was going to do what he did, say what he said or tweet what he tweeted.
But, it's worse than just that. Trump not only forces his staff to adjust on the fly to his seat—of—the—pants decision—making but then he also publicly contradicts the version of events they come up with as the best possible spin for what he's said.

And then — yes, it gets worse! — he grouses about how poor a job the communications staff is doing, complaints that inevitably leak to the press and undermine further attempts by people like Spicer to retain credibility.
Spicer, in an off—camera briefing on Tuesday afternoon, was decidedly low energy — even as reports that Kimberly Guilfoyle, the Fox News anchor, was interviewing to replace him.
"I hate to say it but @PressSec looks and sounds the most exhausted he has since he started. No humor or banter today," tweeted Newsmax White House reporter John Gizzi, who was in the briefing.
Spicer is far from alone in facing a credibility and moral crisis. Because truth and fact are such elusive comments for Trump, his staff is continually struggling to serve their mercurial boss while also maintaining credibility with the reporters who cover them every day. That latter relationship is always strained but never more so than right now.
Take the Comey firing. The spin produced out of the White House was that Trump had acted after serious consideration of a memo from deputy Attorney general Rod Rosenstein outlining Comey's shortcomings in the Hillary Clinton private email server investigation.
Sure, that explanation strained credulity somewhat — Trump had been effusive in his praise for Comey's decision to re—open the Clinton investigation in late October — but it was defensible on the merits.
Enter Trump. In an interview with NBC's Lester Holt, the president threw his entire staff directly under the bus by insisting that the decision to fire Comey was his, and that he would have done so regardless of what the Rosenstein memo said.
Fast forward to last night. National security adviser H.R. McMaster comes out of the White House to insist the Washington Post story detailing the alleged leak by Trump of highly classified information to the Russians during an Oval Office meeting last week was untrue.
Then, this morning, Trump hops on Twitter to essentially confirm the Post's — and CNN's — reporting. "As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining.......to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism," Trump tweeted.

Trump is someone who has never worked with a terribly large inner circle. And that inner circle has not only always been small but it's almost always been filled with family members as opposed to people who work for him. In the White House, he's been forced to go away from that model somewhat; while his daughter, Ivanka, and her husband, Jared Kushner, are formal advisers, his adult sons are removed from him — both geographically and due to conflict of interest concerns regarding his business.
He is, by nature, a lone wolf — and a provocateur. Trump often says and does things for the reaction they elicit. Which is his right. He won, as he likes to remind you.
But his actions also have consequences. And on the staff front, we've already seen what those consequences are. Trump struggled to find a willing communications director at the White House before eventually naming respected GOP operative Mike Dubke. For a variety of other senior staff positions, the field is smaller than it should be because people don't really want to subject themselves to the environment Trump has created in the White House.
The result? A more and more isolated Trump, increasingly surrounded by people afraid to tell him when he's wrong.

Donald Trump has never been a terribly popular president. But, a series of recent polls show him in truly dangerous territory — flirting with dipping under 40% approval just 115 days into his presidency.

The new Gallup tracking poll released Monday afternoon put Trump's job approval rating at just 38%, the lowest mark he has reached since April 1. That jibes with a new NBC—Wall Street Journal poll released Sunday that pegged Trump's job performance at 39% approval. A Quinnipiac University poll conducted before Trump fired FBI director James Comey last Tuesday showed Trump's approval at a meager 36%.
In fact, the Real Clear Politics average of all polls on Trump's approval/disapproval now stands at 40.9% approval while his disapproval sits at 53.8%.

As the smart folks in the NBC political unit note, Trump's current poll standing is similar to where George W. Bush was in October 2005, following the botched handling of Hurricane Katrina and the failed attempt to overhaul Social Security. Barack Obama never got to 39% in the NBC—WSJ poll; the lowest he reached was 40 percent approval in September 2014, on the eve of major losses in the House and Senate.
Here's how Trump compares with the last four presidents at this exact moment of their presidencies via Gallup's amazing Presidential Job Approval Center.

In the 114—117 days of their respective presidencies, Obama was at 64% approval, Bush stood at 56% and Bill Clinton was at 45%. Trump, to reiterate, is at 38%.
Why should these numbers make Republicans on the ballot in 2018 very nervous? Well, history. And, specifically this line from Gallup's Jeffrey Jones: "Since 1946, when presidents are above 50% approval, their party loses an average of 14 seats in the U.S. House in the midterm elections, compared with an average loss of 36 seats when presidents are below that mark."

Reminder: Democrats need to net 24 seats to re—take control of the US House. If they were able to do so, it would give them a very powerful check and balance against the second half of Trump's first term. It would also give them strong investigative leverage — complete with subpoena powers — to delve into things Trump prefers to keep hidden, like his tax returns.

But, wait, you say. The 2018 election is still 540 days away! Anything can — and will — happen!
Fair enough. But remember that the lower Trump goes — and most of the available polling data cited above came before the firing of Comey and the debacle to explain why that move was made — the harder it is to get close to 50% and the longer it will likely take.
The concern among Congressional Republicans at the moment is simmering at a low—medium level. The latest poll numbers will kick that concern up (or should).
What would set off total panic? A loss in either or both of the special House elections in Montana (May 25) or Georgia (June 20). Both are seats in what should be safe Republican territory. Defeat in either one would suggest Trump's unpopularity is a major drag downballot. And that realization would create absolute chaos among Congressional Republicans.

Two Israeli intelligence officials confirmed to BuzzFeed News Tuesday that Israel had shared specific intelligence with the US regarding ISIS plots to smuggle explosive laptops onto planes, and that it appeared that that intelligence had been shared with Russia without prior coordination.

The revelation that Trump had shared that intelligence with Russian officials was Israel's "worst fears confirmed," said one of the intelligence officers.

"We have an arrangement with America which is unique to the world of intelligence sharing. We do not have this relationship with any other country," said the officer, who spoke to BuzzFeed News on condition of anonymity as he was not granted permission to speak to the press.

"There is a special understanding of security cooperation between our countries," he said. "To know that this intelligence is shared with others, without our prior knowledge? That is, for us, our worst fears confirmed."

The officer previously spoke to BuzzFeed News in January, when he said that Israeli officials had specific concerns about what Trump would share with Russian officials. Israel, he added, routinely shared intelligence that included sources of information and asset names, he said — the type of information that could endanger the lives of those providing the raw intelligence.

Israel's role in obtaining the intelligence passed on to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov was first reported by the New York Times on Monday. Lavrov and Trump's discussion last week has been the subject of rapid pushback from an embattled White House, which has said that the president's disclosure was "wholly appropriate."

On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer defended the right of the president to share intelligence as he sees fit, telling reporters, "the president can always discuss common threats or common issues with host nations — excuse me — with other heads of government or other government officials as he deems appropriate to tackle the threats our country faces."

Without confirming that the source of the intelligence shared by Trump came from Israel, Spicer said, "We appreciate the relationship that we have with Israel and appreciate the exchange of information that we have with them."

Israeli officials, however, said it was "highly unusual" and "highly inappropriate" to share information without prior coordination.

"There has to be trust for this sort of arrangement. I cannot speak for Israel's entire security apparatus, but I would not trust a partner who shared intelligence without coordinating it with us first," said the intelligence officer who spoke to BuzzFeed News.

An official in Israel's Ministry of Defense said that while the US has passed on Israel's intelligence to other friendly nations in the past, it has always done so in a coordinated manner.

"There are situations where this is necessary. But there is always coordination... that is just good practice and manners," said the official.

A second intelligence officer, who spoke to BuzzFeed News via encrypted app and also spoke on condition of anonymity, confirmed that Israel had shared specific intelligence with the US regarding an active threat to US—bound planes. Speaking to BuzzFeed News via a military base in northern Israel, he said Israeli intelligence officers were "boiling mad and demanding answers" as to whether Israel's military would continue its current intelligence—sharing agreement with the US.

Israel still maintains a large network of human assets, also known as HUMINT, who work in gathering intelligence on the ground in countries across the world. Unlike other western countries, who have given up costly HUMINT operations in recent years in favor of signals intelligence — or SIGINT, intelligence gathered through online systems, phone lines, and other communications — Israel still invests heavily in sending its own spies abroad and in cultivating a network of locals interested in selling or trading intelligence.

The Ministry of Defense official who spoke to BuzzFeed News said the network of resources Israel maintained made their intelligence both, "incredibly valuable and precarious," adding that real human lives were put in danger if that intelligence leaked out to the wrong parties.

The White House has suggested that Trump did not reveal the source of the intelligence during his meeting with Lavrov. On Tuesday, Spicer told reporters, "it would be impossible for the President to reveal the source of the information because, as General McMaster made very clear as he was leaving this podium, the President wasn’t briefed on the information and wasn’t aware of the source. So the President wasn’t aware of this. This wasn’t part of his briefing. So, therefore, to suggest that, therefore, he revealed it, is impossible."

The Israeli officials who spoke to BuzzFeed News said there has already been a push to stop sharing Israel's most sensitive intelligence with Trump's White House. It was Israel's political echelons, they added, who insisted the intelligence—sharing continue, and who were hoping to use Trump's mistakes as a way to gain leverage.

"We are concerned about our long—term intelligence gathering operations," said the Ministry of Defense official. "But politically [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu] Bibi sees a way to get what he wants out of Trump. He can say to Trump, you screwed us, now give us this or that."

Privately, US national security officials said they had no way to know for that the leak would effect US—Israeli military relations or intelligence sharing between the two countries. For many, that was not the biggest issue of the leak. Rather, it was Trump’s push to normalize relations with Russia during the meeting where the leak happened, even going so far as to push for coordination on protecting the homeland.

That, two US officials explained to BuzzFeed News, would change US national security in a way the leak would not.

Washington Democrats are warming up to the idea of impeaching President Trump, as opposition to the president drowns out all other causes in the party.

Elected Democrats have to date shied away from progressive activists’ demands that the party focus explicitly to removing the president. And Democrats, who are in the minority in both houses, can't actually impeach a president without significant Republican support.

But the Democrats gathered here Tuesday in the heart of the progressive establishment are beginning to speak openly about turning midterm elections into a referendum on whether Trump should finish his term.

“We don’t have to be afraid to use the word ‘impeachment.’ We don’t have to think that impeachment is out of our reach,” Rep. Maxine Waters said, earning applause during a speech at the Center for American Progress convention, a major gathering of progressive thinkers and politicians, on Tuesday. “I don’t know what’s going to happen after today, when all of the questions have been raised about him… but I think this is going to put us a little bit further on our way to what I have been calling for for so long, and that is impeachment.”

Waters, herself, Texas Rep. Joaquin Castro and other congressional Democrats had said previously that impeachment could come down the road, given more evidence, but as scandals have continued to plague the administration in the last few days, the conversation has grown louder. On Monday, Texas Rep. Al Green became the first Democrat in Congress to explicitly call for impeachment, citing Trump’s decision to fire former FBI Director James Comey last week.

And that was all before news broke Tuesday evening in the New York Times that Trump told Comey to drop an investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn — according to a memo Comey wrote after the meeting and was shared with but not seen by reporters.

Rep. Filemon Vela, while not specifically calling for impeachment, said proof of that report would be enough to start the process. “If it’s true that the president tried to pressure Comey into backing off his investigation of Flynn, I think there’s no question more Democrats will ask for impeachment proceedings,” he told BuzzFeed News.

A base united in opposition to Trump has been feeding into the impeachment narrative since the moment he entered the White House in January. Now, as the news gets worse and worse for Trump, progressives believe Democrats are going to have to start embracing the “I—word,” especially if they want to do well in the 2018 midterm elections.

“I think that it’s inevitable that impeachment is a 2018 issue. I mean, Donald Trump is adding to his impeachment counts every single day, and not even theoretical counts that need to be investigated. I mean, he’s outright admitting to them on Twitter,” Markos Moulitsas, founder and publisher of the progressive site Daily Kos, told BuzzFeed News. “There is going to be a demand amongst the base, and we’re going to see it play out in primaries, and those Democrats who are aggressive in calling for impeachment are the ones that are going to get a lot of attention, are going to be seen as leaders within the party and are going to be able to raise a lot of money on those issues.

“I just think it’s inevitable that health care and impeachment are going to be driving 2018,” Moulitsas added.

“We have an out—of—control president who gives classified intelligence to the Russians. Time for Democrats to start using the ‘i’ word,” Adam Jentleson, former Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid’s deputy chief of staff, tweeted Monday. Jentleson now works for the Center for American Progress Action Fund.

But the closer you get to the higher echelons of the Democratic party in the US Capitol, the more hesitant people are to use the word.

The top two Democrats in Congress, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, raised deep concerns about Trump’s action — but avoided the topic of impeachment — in their statements responding to the news of Comey’s memo Tuesday.

“At best, President Trump has committed a grave abuse of executive power. At worst, he has obstructed justice,” Pelosi said, calling for an independent investigation.

“Concerns about our national security, the rule of law, the independence of our nation’s highest law enforcement agencies are mounting. The country is being tested in unprecedented ways. I say to all of my colleagues in the Senate: History is watching.”

(On Monday night, prior to the Times report on Comey, Pelosi told a CNN townhall audience that she was skeptical for now of impeachment talk. "What are the facts that you would make a case on?” she said. “What are the rules that he may have violated? If you don't have that case, you are just participating in more hearsay.")

When asked specifically about impeachment, many Democratic members, including Pelosi’s number 2, House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer, have said it is too early to go that far. Instead they have continued to call for more investigation.

“I think you have to look at all the evidence, and I think that’s where a lot of us are,” Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar told BuzzFeed News, adding Congress needs to hear from Comey and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. “I think right now the focus should be on getting the evidence and getting a special prosecutor appointed.”

Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley also avoided the topic when asked whether he thought there would be more calls for impeachment. “I think mostly right now, you’re going to hear calls for a special prosecutor. We’ve got to get to the bottom of it,” he told BuzzFeed News at the CAP conference Tuesday.

Even Democrats popular among progressives as potential 2020 candidates are not quite ready to say “impeachment.”

"In this country no one is above the law – not even the president of the United States,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren said at the CAP conference on Tuesday.

But when asked by an audience member when to “call a spade a spade” and call Trump out for obstruction of justice at the CAP conference on Tuesday, Warren demurred and said that she was calling for an independent investigation.

“If there’s nothing there, so be it. If there is criminal activity there, then we’re ready for the next step,” she said.

Jentleson said he wasn’t particularly surprised that members of Congress were hesitant to come out and say so. “The people who are going to be responsible for carrying that out are probably the ones who are most hesitant to talk about it because they don’t want to look like they jumped the gun in running to that process,” Jentleson said. “So folks at the state and local level, who aren’t going to be involved in the process itself, probably feel a little freer to express themselves.”

To wit, the Los Angeles City Council conducted a symbolic vote to support Trump’s impeachment in a vote earlier this month.

“I think cities are talking about this everywhere, and Americans are concerned, rightfully so. And the representatives are responding to that,” Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti told BuzzFeed News, when asked if he expected the city council’s idea to spread to other cities. “You know, we have a constitution, it’s important to abide by it. We’re seeing troubling things coming out of this White House, and we’re not just playing defense, though, in L.A.”

Without the luxury of distance, congressional Democrats are remaining more cautious about whether it’s time to invoke such a serious measure, something that they could not do without help from Republicans, who control both the House and Senate.

"If this were Hillary Clinton, impeachment articles would have been filed by now," Rep. Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, told reporters on Tuesday. Cummings, whose committee has been investigating the White House’s ties to Trump and will subpoena the Comey memo, has already helped introduce legislation calling for an independent commission to investigate how Russian interference in the election.

But when asked if Congress should begin the process of impeaching Trump, Cummings answered simply: "I don't know."

A lie isn’t just a false statement. It’s a false statement whose speaker knows it’s false. In these instances, the president — or his administration — have clear reason to know otherwise. Reporters are understandably cautious about using the word — some never do, because it requires speculating on what someone is thinking. The cases we call "lies" are ones where we think it's fair to make that call: Trump is saying something that contradicts clear and widely published information that we have reason to think he's seen. This list also includes bullshit: speech that is — in its academic definition — "unconnected to a concern with the truth."

Trump's words: "The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process."

Lie: Trump posted the above tweet just hours after FBI Director James Comey and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers began testifying about Russian interference in the 2016 election in favor of Trump. Comey testified that the FBI came to believe that Russia was using “active measures” to hurt the Clinton campaign and help the Trump campaign.

“They wanted to hurt our democracy, hurt her and help him,” Comey said. “Putin hated Secretary Clinton so much that the flip side of that coin was that he had a clear preference for the person running against the person he hated so much.”

Trump's tweet — and the video clip included with it — is a selective portion of the hearing where Nunes was asking Rogers if he had evidence Russia changed vote tallies in specific states.

Trump's words: “We got 306 because people came out and voted like they’ve never seen before so that’s the way it goes. I guess it was the biggest Electoral College win since Ronald Reagan,” Trump said during a news conference on Feb. 16.

Lie: Trump actually won 304 electoral votes, because two electors refused to cast their vote for him when the Electoral College met.

Several former presidents have also received more electoral votes than Trump. George H. W. Bush won with 426 electoral votes in 1988. Bill Clinton won 370 votes in 1992 and 379 in 1996, and Barack Obama won with 365 votes in 2008.

When a reporter at the news conference called Trump out for spreading false information, the president said, "Well, I was just given that information. I don’t know. I was just given…We had a very big margin."

Trump's words: Trump tweeted on Sunday, "While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!"

Senator Sanders was on CNN's Erin Burnett Out Front on Feb. 10, discussing Trump's travel ban and controversy surrounding National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, among other topics.

Lie: During the interview, Burnett showed Sanders a clip of Trump responding to a reporter's question following news that Flynn called the Russian ambassador to the US before the inauguration to discuss previously—imposed sanctions. In the clip, Trump says he has "not seen the report."

Burnett then asked Sanders if it's a problem that the president did not know about the report, in which Sanders criticized Trump for dismissing negative news as "fake news."

Right after Burnett acknowledged that Sanders was joking when he called CNN "fake news," the audio cut out and CNN went to a commercial break. When the show returned, Burnett picked up her interview where they left off and Sanders went on to say it's "not a joke" when "you have a president who attacks people in the media who make critical remarks of him — which is what their jobs is — as providing 'fake news.'"

Trump's words: Trump again claimed there was widespread voter fraud during the November election, this time telling senators “thousands” of people were bussed in from Massachusetts to vote in New Hampshire.

Trump made the unsubstantiated claims in a closed—door meeting with 10 senators Thursday to discuss his Supreme Court nomination, Neil Gorsuch, Politico reported.

Trump blamed “thousands” of people who were “brought in on buses” from Massachusetts to vote illegally in New Hampshire during the meeting, which was also reported by the Associated Press.

Lie: Officials at New Hampshire’s secretary of state office, US Attorney’s Office, and Massachusetts’ attorney general’s office told BuzzFeed News there was no evidence to support the president’s claim.

“We have not seen any evidence of busloads of out—of—state voters coming across the border to vote in New Hampshire elections,” David Scanlan, deputy secretary of state for New Hampshire, said. Read more here.

Trump's words: Trump tweeted at 6:57 a.m., "Sen. Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie), now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?"

At 8:17 a.m., Trump added, "Chris Cuomo, in this interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long—term lie about his brave 'service' in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!"

Blumenthal was interviewed on CNN Thursday morning, following his statement from the previous day, in which he said the president's nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Gorsuch, said Trump's recent attacks on the judiciary are "disheartening" and "demoralizing."

Lie: Cuomo asked that exact question. His question to Blumenthal was, "What is your response to the president of the United States, who says you should not be believed because you misrepresented your military record in the past?"

ISIS killed 33 people execution—style in eastern Syria on Wednesday, according to a monitoring group.

The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that the terror organization carried out the mass killing in the the al—Mayadin desert near the strategic city of Deir Ezzor on Wednesday morning, it said, adding that its activists were "able to monitor" the incident.

The London—based monitoring group called it "the largest execution operation carried out by the Islamic State organization in 2017."
The report said the people were between ages 18 and 25 and were "killed by sharp tools." It added that it is unknown whether the victims were Syrian government forces, allied militia or rebel factions.

The report came as ISIS killed at least 22 people in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, also on Wednesday.

ISIS gunmen indiscriminately opened fire on police and civilians in the central Iraqi city before they blew themselves up, police officials told CNN. At least 31 other people were wounded in the attack.
Several ISIS suicide bombers dressed in military uniforms attacked police checkpoints and police patrols in a busy commercial street in the city, police officials said.
ISIS claimed responsibility in a statement released on Twitter and tweeted by several ISIS supporters.
Tikrit, the birthplace of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein, was recaptured by Iraqi troops from ISIS in March 2015.

The jihadist group, which controlled swathes of Syria and Iraq since a blitzkrieg across the two countries in 2014, has steadily been losing ground thanks to concerted efforts by troops, and militia in both countries.
Nearly three years since the group's elusive leader Abu Bakr al—Baghdadi declared a self—styled Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, ISIS is reeling from losses across its so—called "caliphate."
Over the last six months, ISIS has seen its finances slashed, media operations crippled and several high—ranking leaders killed or captured.
It is fast losing its grip on Mosul, its biggest hub in Iraq, and its de—facto capital in Syria — Raqqa — is all but surrounded.
In Iraq, government troops, supported by Shia and Kurdish militia, have been making good progress in liberating Mosul from ISIS, which it has held since 2014.
And in Syria, the Syrian Democratic Forces — an alliance of Kurds and Arab tribes — are approaching the outskirts of Raqqa.

Flies buzz around the drying rivulets of blood seeping from the heads of two corpses draped over the hood of a Humvee.

One of the bodies, partially charred, lies face down; by his chest is webbing where he had kept magazines for an automatic rifle. The other, with long matted hair, faces the Humvee's bullet-pocked windshield. His ragged pants are pulled down around his knees, a piece of green and yellow electric wire loosely wound around his ankles.

Two Iraqi soldiers step in front of the Humvee. Raising his phone, one takes a selfie of the two in front of their trophy. For a moment, they flash a smile.
"They had pills in their pockets," one of the soldiers tells me. "That's how they keep fighting."
His comrades killed the ISIS fighters earlier in the afternoon when they tried to sneak from the ISIS-held 17 Tammouz, or 17th July neighborhood, into the adjacent Mushairfa district in Mosul.
We are just about one hundred meters from the most forward line of the Iraqi Army's Ninth Armoured division. In the background, there is the steady thud of mortar and artillery fire. Helicopters circle overhead, occasionally flying further into the city, noses down. A line of black smoke shooting out in front signals a rocket has been fired.

Iraqi officials say ISIS now only controls one tenth of the city. But they anticipate that the final, most difficult phase is yet to come. Iraqi forces are preparing to push into the 17th Tammouz neighborhood, named after the 1968 coup d'état that brought the Ba'ath Party to power. On June 6, 2014, ISIS fighters entered Mosul through this neighborhood, and within hours were in full control of the city. This was the start of an offensive that saw ISIS take control of the cities of Baiji and Tikrit, and eventually took them to the outskirts of Baghdad.
ISIS renamed 17th Tammouz to "Fatah," harking back to the lightning conquests of the early Islamic empire that spread the realm from the Atlantic to the borders of the Indian subcontinent.
It was just a few years ago that one of the mottos of ISIS was "the Islamic state is here to stay and will expand." And for a brief moment it seemed they were unstoppable. That now seems like ancient history.
"Da'ish is now calling 17th Tammouz 'wadi ath-thabat,'" the "valley of resolve", says Lieutenant Colonel Abu Fatima (not his real name — he wasn't authorized to speak to the media).
There, he says, they will make their last stand in Mosul — not, as many expect, in west Mosul's Old City, where on July 4, 2014, the self-declared "caliph" Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi made his first and only appearance.

From a bullet- and shell-pocked glass-littered three-story building, once a photography shop overlooking 17th Tammouz, Lt. Col. Abu Fatima and his men have a panoramic view. 17th Tammouz rises gently up a hill before them. A thick butt of black smoke billows into the sky. It's a densely packed neighborhood of small houses. While small arms fire rattles constantly, there is no movement in the empty streets and alleyways.
Lt. Col. Abu Fatima, from the Baghdad district of Adhamiya, has been speaking by phone with residents inside. "They're almost completely out of food. They're eating grass," he says. "Tragic" is how he describes their plight.

A hundred meters further south is the final line of Iraqi forces. There, a young officer in a crisp uniform who declines to give his name says they've spotted a family in a building on the edge of 17th Tammouz. "They want to get to us but they're afraid of being shot by ISIS snipers," he says.
"Yesterday, the snipers shot a woman who tried to flee," chimes in one of his men.
We duck into a building across the street to try to see the family. "Watch out for the snipers," a soldier accompanying us says as we duck down to run across the roof and take cover behind a wall. The soldiers have knocked holes in the breezeblocks to keep an eye on movements in 17th Tammouz, and occasionally to fire at anything that moves.
"They keep running back and forth between the houses and a white truck out there," says one of the soldiers, peering through the hole with binoculars. Loud bangs echo from the floor below as the soldiers fire across the field into 17th Tammouz.
CNN camerawoman Mary Rogers has put her camera up to another hole, filming the void before her. A loud crack, and the wall shakes. Through her viewfinder she sees a puff of white powder where the round hit just inches away.
Moments later, shots ring out from below as the soldiers respond.
And then, quiet. We bid the soldiers farewell, crouch and run off the roof, down the stairs and back into the rubble-strewn street.

A group of five women in black, two teenage boys, four children and a baby are huddled by a wall. They've just crossed over from ISIS territory.
"We left early this morning after taking cover for days in the bathroom," says Sina, holding a child in her arms. "Our menfolk told us, 'Go! Go!' We said we can't because of the shelling, but then we put our faith in God and we left." She declined to give her full name out of fear for her safety.
The baby in her arms is her 11-month old granddaughter, Hajar, Arabic for the Biblical Hagar. In Arabic, hajar means to move, to migrate.
"We moved four times in the last three years because of the fighting around Mosul," says Sina, nodding to the little girl.

Retired policeman Abu Said (he asked we not use his real name, fearing for the safety of relatives still inside ISIS-controlled territory) didn't flee the fighting. As the fighting reached his neighborhood of Mushairfa, he and his family huddled under the stairs.
We ran into him as he was leading troops around the area, showing them houses that ISIS members occupied.

He recounted his ordeals under ISIS. "They told my son, your father is a kafir, an infidel, because I worked for the Iraqi government. That dog, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, said anyone who worked for the government is an infidel. Of course, I'm a Muslim. I pray, I fear God, but in their minds I'm a kafir."
For almost three years, since June 2014, he prepared for the day Iraqi forces returned to Mosul. "I gathered information, I watched them. I wrote down their names. I kept an eye on what they were doing."
"This is the day of reckoning," he tells me, pointing the soldiers to another house. Inside, they rifle through cupboards and drawers.
Among the toys, plastic cars and trucks on the floor are a crumpled uniform and an empty ammunition box. In the adjacent room, they find medical kits, complete with condoms, and a homemade plastic placard with a likeness of the black banner of ISIS.